Ah!
Oh, no.
I didn't say anything.
Nope.
I clearly heard what secret you said.
Uh, I mean
Behind this cold winter
There must be a very big secret
hum
Put the temple in the temple, wish everyone, etc., all on top
Smash God Xiao
The handsome can't smash it.
Offended the bodhisattva
Our children will suffer
Go boy
But there is something wrong with the god you mentioned.
It's okay if you break it open.
I will lose the hearts of the people
Auntie don't worry
I pledge my life
I am solely responsible for any problems.
Smash this
Can't check, can't check
Report that the commander found nothing
Dashuai Poison Releasing Buddha Statue
The Dragon King is going to sin
Song Xue, what's going on?
i
Don't be afraid
Uncle will protect you.
Say
Ah handsome
There is a problem with demolition
Cowardly
Report to the marshal
Bones, no meat.
Take them away
You murderer
Give back our child, give back my child
No wonder there are so many children
It's been gone for the night
It turns out that the whole temple is full of thieves, wait a minute
Why are there only child bones and no meat?